oh my god South me I'm south let's go to
the bank me yeah I've got goddamn
already ahead of you well not really
fuck choco canoers I know it's no Lulu
here who is there then how did you know
see me what you've got to the ship ya
must know one of the shit hello guys it
is just as here welcome to this episode
of my first experiences playing
runescape heist it's a brand new mini
game which has just been launched today
on the seventeenth of februari 2014 it's
such a fun game with friends and I've
played some funny moments together from
a few matches and made a montage for
your entertainment just to give you some
background information on the rules of
the game and how to win before we get
into this episode there are two sides
gods vs robbers I find it much more fun
in small teams as well as it gives the
robbers a better chance to win the
robbers can win if they deposit twice as
many bags of loot as there are members
of their team so let's say there are
three robbers in your team collectively
the three of you will need to collect up
to six pieces of loop and then take
those Lutz to and carts or ships so for
example there then need to deposit the
Lutz of gold which they carry and
Roberts can only carry one look at any
given time either in two carts get
around the sides of the map and some of
these cards are also in water the
robbers can also deposit gold on the
main ship which obviously leads onto the
map the guards can win by capturing each
of the robbers twice so the second time
they catch a specific robber that Robert
ends up in jail and obviously the other
robbers saw the fellow robbers and to
that person who's in jail under guard so
obviously it's very tricky to pull that
off there may be other ways you can do
it as such as perks and upgrades and
things like that which I have haven't
locked or looked into in great detail
yet there will be more tips and tricks
leaked within this series in my next
video and so on if you really do enjoy
this let me know I do appreciate a
rating with this information I hope you
enjoy the following highlights sit back
relax and I'll see you in my next video
oh did he oh my god a guy just walked
right past me oh shit oh shit i'm going
to be the chem oh ok ok or the sea I
know then now if you're going to be the
camel lake in here you you know I'm not
the ending with don't you change other
people I'm still in the people change to
everything yeah that's how I died every
second oh my god you didn't even change
to anybody so you just there as your
normal self oh that person's running
like a that's got to be one of you what
don't for God's sake I've been knocked
out by one of my fellow guards why have
I been putting my oj don't tell them
that because they were vulnerable now
Charlotte I've told okay don't say
anything what we parting it their heads
I'm reading my feet Rhea Pierre oh wait
can I let you out I wonder go go go
pretend bank all right I'll sweet did
i'll let you out yeah yes so wait you
can dive into the pier can you swim oh
my god you can swim round this whoa
really yeah you can swim around the pair
of thing turn again to come oh I see
your chest Thunder okay I'm guarding the
shit yes it does it nice Oh awesome oh
wait yo this some items in the morgue
Paul get out of water play no he's in
the warranty no I'm not yes you are
how'd you get oh my god you can climb
the ladder of the back of the ship no no
ah did you find him oh shit okay yes
you're Nick yeah no you did not Luthor
yes I can't she's gonna cut you know you
did it oh my god no
right right there your invite past me oh
so clean yeah and I'm run you're right
Paul basically swamp so you dived in and
then you don't catch yeah that's
basically it can you go on the ship all
wait someone's coming with some loot
right now but what hug it apart so on
just as soon as I said that they stopped
as well there's got to be some video
thank you fuck you woman that's year in
it jakku I'm worried about you I mother
pine that's the Paladin your apology on
you wait who's that running right there
I've no idea Toki by the way gotta got
this shit one of you to it the Paladin
you walking away from me you gotta be
the fellow wait so go go go wait Paul
was the shit oh sure go south I'm so
gonna going can I surge please seconds
no you can't go go go oh let go go go go
I'll just go together I see no shit Sam
hurry up and get something on the stove
and a good fuck you zombie good wait
fuck you again oh yeah I got it no I
accused you oh come at the jail perfect
hiding spot yeah thanks Tom but I time
what big baby I Gisela orbit yeah kurwa
yeah you can tell them no I love so
somebody just right right past me yeah
oh so many if you look on past me ogre
disease of ugh yeah come on you yes yes
wait yes yeah I got loot I got loot yeah
well where's the shit where's the ship
ships northwest thanks
I was looking for this will obese is
northeast I mean fold this this accuse
that go for sure